Introducing system ingest pipeline (#3853)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/qinandy.md

---
short_name: qinandy
name: Andy Qin
photo: /assets/media/community/members/qinandy.png
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Andy Qin'
primary_title: Andy Qin
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Andy Qin&apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/andy-qin.html'
linkedin: TBD
github: qinandy
job_title_and_company: 'Software Engineer at AWS'
personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/andy-qin.html'
redirect_from: '/authors/qinandy/'
---

> **Andy Qin** is a software developer at AWS working on neural search and search relevance. His interest areas include machine learning, natural language processing, and looking for new ferns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Andy Qin** is a Software Developer at AWS working on neural search and search relevance. His interests include machine learning, natural language processing, and looking for new ferns.
```
